Is this fleeing the famine?
So elegant
My uncle's family is a well-known local family
My cousin kept a sheep
If it weren't for the disaster victims
They won't come here
Yes sir
Oh, I see.
Wait a minute, let's have a drink and arrange it, sir.
I heard that the second young master has been locked up
How do you plan to deal with it?
He has been of no use recently.
how
You seem to care about him
I can just ask casually
You have nothing to do here
God, why don't you die?
Just because the second young master has not been rescued yet
Go and make a bowl of porridge for Lao Tzu.
Give me a bowl
Hey, the head of the team this week
There seems to be a problem
What's the problem?
Is it worse than grass root?
What the hell are you doing?
The leaders are all unsigned
I add sand to the porridge
His grandmother put sand in the porridge to kill me
Don't be angry.
Let's call all our brothers over and eat him poor
Eat a fart
Wu Tian dares to fight with Lao Tzu
I will sue the province
Let the grand marshal go
He is guilty of putting sand in the porridge
You will die
Commander, this is a good idea
Let's go
The mayor, Mr. Second Brother
There is a careful military factory in the West
I come to a place like this and there is a fee for every marriage
If you don't want to waste money
Please save time
Mr. Second
How much does a day cost?
3,000 oceans on day one.
I spent 100,000 ocean
I also ask Mr. Occasionally to leave a message in town
So crazy are you kidding me